We need to produce JSON with correct formatting. The previous output had a JSON object but maybe there was an issue with quoting or escaping. Let's check: The text includes "€15" which is fine. The JSON string must be valid. The error says EOF while parsing an object at line 1 column 1089. That indicates maybe the JSON string is too long? Actually the text length might exceed 1500? Let's count approximate length: The text is about 300-400 characters. Citations array has two items. That should be fine.

But maybe the JSON had a stray backslash or something. Let's re-evaluate the JSON string: 
```
{"reply":{"text":"Thank you for reaching out. We understand that the Lumen Flow Strip 5 m arrived with a dented box and has been flickering near the controller while the controller has become hot. For safety, please cut the power and check the controller plug; if the flicker returns, the controller will be replaced under warranty. If the controller feels hot, unplug the strip immediately and do not turn it on until it has been inspected. We have issued a store credit of €15 to your account as a resolution under warranty. The knowledge base does not contain specific app steps, reset or re‑pairing instructions, nor network requirements for this product, so we cannot provide those details at this time.","citations":[{"chunk_id":"kb_strip0flck","quote":"If a Flow strip flickers near the controller, cut the power and check the controller plug. If the flicker comes back, the controller is replaced under warranty."},{"chunk_id":"kb_ctrlheat01","quote":"If the controller body is hot to the touch, unplug the strip at once and do not switch it on until it has been checked."}]} 
```
We need to close the outer object: we have {"reply":{...}}. That is correct. But we need to close the outer object with a closing brace. We have that. But maybe we need to escape the non-ASCII characters like " " (non-breaking space) or "‑" (en dash). JSON supports Unicode, but we must ensure proper escaping? Usually it's fine. But the error says EOF while parsing an object at line 1 column 1089. That means the parser reached end of file before closing braces. Maybe we missed a closing brace. Let's count braces: Outer {, then "reply":{, then "text":"..., then "citations":[..., ...], then close inner }, then close outer }. We have that. But maybe we missed a comma after the "citations" array? In JSON, after the array we need to close the inner object. We have "citations":[...], then close inner object. That seems fine.

Let's reformat with proper escaping of quotes inside quotes. The quotes inside the text are fine. The quotes inside the citations are fine. But we need to escape the double quotes inside the text? The text string uses double quotes for the JSON string. Inside the text we have no double quotes except the ones used for JSON. So fine.

But we have "5 m" which includes a non-breaking space. That is fine. The "€15" is fine.

Maybe the JSON string is too long for the system? But the limit is 1500 characters. We are within that.

Let's produce a minimal JSON with the same content but ensure proper escaping. We'll escape the newline? We didn't have newlines. Let's produce again.

Also we need to ensure no trailing spaces. Let's produce final JSON.

