We need to mention the amount. We did. But maybe the system expects "store credit of €15.00" but also "credit amount in the smallest units of the currency: 1500 eur". We included both. But maybe the system expects the amount in the reply text? We did. But maybe the system expects the reply to not mention the amount? The instruction: "Issue store credit of €15.00 for flickering light under warranty." So we should mention. We did. But the system says "The reply names an amount the decision does not carry: name the credit amount from the decision, or none." Wait: The decision says issue store credit of €15.00. So the reply should name the amount. We did. So why error? Maybe the system expects the amount to be 1500 eur in smallest units? But we included both. But maybe the system expects only the amount in smallest units? The instruction: "Credit amount in the smallest units of the currency: 1500 eur." That might be internal, not to be shown to customer. But the reply should mention €15.00. We did. So maybe the system expects the reply to mention only "€15.00" and not "1500 eur". We included "1500 eur" which might be considered extra. The system says "The reply names an amount the decision does not carry: name the credit amount from the decision, or none." So we should not mention "1500 eur" maybe. Let's remove that phrase. Just say "€15.00". Let's adjust.{"reply":{"text":"We understand your safety concern. To address the flickering, please cut the power and check the controller plug. If the flicker continues, the controller will be replaced under warranty. If the controller feels hot, unplug the strip immediately and do not use it until inspected. As a resolution, we are issuing a store credit of €15.00 to your account.","citations":[{"chunk_id":"kb_strip0flck","quote":"If a Flow strip flickers near the controller, cut the power and check the controller plug. If the flicker comes back, the controller is replaced under warranty."},{"chunk_id":"kb_ctrlheat01","quote":"If the controller body is hot to the touch, unplug the strip at once and do not switch it on until it has been checked."}]}}