Order total is €59.90 (5990 minor). So credit up to €20 is allowed. We need to issue store credit. Use issue_store_credit tool. Provide amount as string? The tool expects amount: string. We need to pass amount in currency? The tool signature: amount: string. Probably string representation of amount in currency? We need to pass amount as string like "20.00" or "20.00 EUR"? The instructions: "Pass its amount argument as an object with amount_minor (an integer in the smallest currency unit) and currency, never as a bare number or string." Wait that is for issue_store_credit? Let's re-read: "Issue store credit with the issue_store_credit tool only within the amount the policy allows, and never above the order total. Pass its amount argument as an object with amount_minor (an integer in the smallest currency unit) and currency, never as a bare number or string." But the function signature shows amount: string. That seems contradictory. The tool signature says amount: string. But the instruction says pass amount argument as an object with amount_minor and currency. Maybe the tool signature is wrong? The instruction overrides. We must follow instruction. So we need to pass amount as an object. But the function signature expects string. This is a conflict. The instruction says "Pass its amount argument as an object with amount_minor (an integer in the smallest currency unit) and currency, never as a bare number or string." So we must pass amount as JSON object. But the function signature says string. We need to decide. The instruction is higher priority. So we should pass amount as object. But the tool signature might be wrong. We need to follow instruction. So we call issue_store_credit with amount: {"amount_minor":2000,"currency":"eur"}? But the tool expects string. But we can pass JSON string? The instruction says never as a bare number or string. So we need to pass object. But the tool signature might be wrong. Let's assume we can pass object. We'll pass amount: {"amount_minor":2000,"currency":"eur"}. But the tool signature says string. That might cause error. But we can try. Let's call issue_store_credit.