We need to produce JSON with reply.text and citations. Must be friendly, precise, short. Must address safety concern explicitly. Must not mention store website or contact outside marketplace. Must mention store credit amount only. Must not mention customer's name. Must mention subscription benefits only if chunks carry them; they don't. Must give steps in app first, then reset and re-pairing if chunks describe them. But chunks don't describe app steps. So we cannot give them. So we just give safety instructions from chunks. Must reference chunks. Must not mention store website. Must not mention contact outside marketplace. Must not mention customer's name. Must be in en-GB. Must not exceed 1500 characters. Citations up to 6.

We need to cite kb_strip0flck and kb_ctrlheat01. Provide quotes. Provide store credit 1500 eur. Must mention that credit is issued. Must address safety: "please keep strip unplugged until inspected". That addresses safety. Also mention "controller becomes hot" and "flickering" and "replace under warranty" etc. Must not mention store website. Must not mention contact outside marketplace. Must not mention subscription benefits. Must not mention other info. Provide JSON.

Let's craft reply.text:

"Thank you for reaching out. Your Lumen Flow Strip 5 m is covered under warranty for the flickering near the controller and the overheating you’ve experienced. For safety, please keep the strip unplugged until the controller is inspected or replaced. If the flicker returns after checking the plug, the controller will be replaced under warranty. We are issuing a store credit of €15 (1500 eur) to your account. If you have any further questions, you can reply here."

We need to reference chunks:

- kb_strip0flck: "If a Flow strip flickers near the controller, cut the power and check the controller plug. If the flicker comes back, the controller is replaced under warranty."

- kb_ctrlheat01: "If the controller body is hot to the touch, unplug the strip at once and do not switch it on until it has been checked."

We need to quote them. Provide citations array with these two.

We must keep quote <=300 chars. Provide quotes.

Let's craft citations:

{
  "chunk_id": "kb_strip0flck",
  "quote": "If a Flow strip flickers near the controller, cut the power and check the controller plug. If the flicker comes back, the controller is replaced under warranty."
}

{
  "chunk_id": "kb_ctrlheat01",
  "quote": "If the controller body is hot to the touch, unplug the strip at once and do not switch it on until it has been checked."
}

We need to ensure JSON schema: reply has text and citations array.

Let's produce final JSON.